Stablecoins and the
Future of Payments:
Evidence from
Financial Markets
Alexander Copestake, Cage Englander,
Maria Soledad Martinez Peria, Germán Villegas-Bauer
WP/26/52

IMF Working Papers describe research in
progress by the author(s) and are published to
elicit comments and to encourage debate.
The views expressed in IMF Working Papers are
those of the author(s) and do not necessarily
represent the views of the IMF, its Executive Board,
or IMF management.

2026

MAR

© 2026 International Monetary Fund

WP/26/52

IMF Working Paper
Research Department
Stablecoins and the Future of Payments:
Evidence from Financial Markets
Prepared by Alexander Copestake, Cage Englander,
Maria Soledad Martinez Peria, Germán Villegas-Bauer*1
Authorized for distribution by Giovanni Dell'Ariccia
March 2026, updated August 2026

IMF Working Papers describe research in progress by the author(s) and are published to elicit
comments and to encourage debate. The views expressed in IMF Working Papers are those of the
author(s) and do not necessarily represent the views of the IMF, its Executive Board, or IMF management.

ABSTRACT: We examine whether financial markets expect stablecoins to
play an important role in payments. After the decisive congressional vote
on the GENIUS Act, the market value of payment incumbents fell by 1.3%
($21.5 billion) relative to other financial firms, consistent with stablecoins
increasing competition in payments. The decline was larger for firms
focused on cross-border payments, and smaller for those protected by
network effects or offering crypto services. Accounting for anticipation using
prediction markets, we estimate that the Act reduced the value of incumbent
payment firms by 13–27% ($220–470 billion), exceeding the impact of
recent pro-competitive regulatory shocks.

JEL Classification Numbers:

E42, G12, G23, G28

Keywords:

Crypto Assets, Stablecoins, Payments, Stock Returns

Author’s E-Mail Address:

acopestake@imf.org, cageenglander@gmail.com,
mmartinezperia@imf.org, gvillegasbauer@imf.org

*1 We thank Itai Agur, Rashad Ahmed, Jennie Bai, Damien Capelle, Sergio Correia, Thomas Drechsel, Adriano Fernandes, Melih
Firat, Janet Gao, Maximilian Grimm, Martina Hengge, Diego Känzig, Divya Kirti, Thomas Kroen, Andrea Lanteri, Samantha Myers,
Marco Reuter, Julio Riutort, David Thesmar, Andrew Usher, and Peter Wierts, as well as audiences at the IMF, Swiss National
Bank, and Banco Central de Chile, for helpful comments and suggestions.
INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND

What is needed is an electronic payment system based on cryptographic proof instead of trust,
allowing any two willing parties to transact directly with each other without the need for a
trusted third party.
Nakamoto (2008)
Ever since crypto’s invention, enthusiasts have promised that blockchain tokens will find
widespread legal use cases, displacing conventional means of payment, any day now. But
it keeps not happening.
Krugman (2025)

1

Introduction

Will crypto assets play an important role in payments? While Nakamoto (2008) aimed to provide
an electronic version of cash, usage of bitcoin for payments remains concentrated in illicit transactions (e.g., Rogoff, 2025a,b).1 Usage of unbacked crypto assets for payments has been limited
by their volatility, directing attention to stablecoins, which are designed to maintain parity against
fiat currency (typically the US dollar). Stablecoin proponents predict mass adoption in payments
(e.g., Allaire, 2025), yet skeptics still consider crime to be the primary function of crypto assets
(e.g., Krugman, 2025).
Empirically assessing the potential role of stablecoins in payments is challenging. Fewer than
10% of existing stablecoin transactions recorded on blockchains are transactions between genuine
users—with the remainder reflecting, for instance, bot activity or re-balancing between wallets
owned by the same entity (Allium Labs, 2025). Moreover, blockchain data alone cannot reveal
whether such transactions are payments for goods and services (rather than, for example, investments) because the corresponding flows of goods and services are not recorded.
In this paper, we shed light on the potential role of stablecoins in payments through an indirect
approach: examining financial markets’ valuations of incumbent payment firms after a legislative
shock that could support stablecoin adoption. Financial market reactions to technology shocks
have a history of predictive power (e.g., Kogan et al., 2017). Investors in incumbent payment
firms must take a stand on the future landscape within which those firms will operate, and their
reactions to news about stablecoins reflect these expectations. Indeed, recent evidence using policy
announcements related to central bank digital currencies (CBDCs) suggests that markets pay close
1

Nakamoto, in turn, built upon a series of prior designs for digital equivalents of cash. See, for example, “DigiCash”
(which evolved from Chaum, 1983), “b-money” (Dai, 1998), “Hashcash” (Back, 2002), “reusable proofs-of-work”
(Finney, 2004), and “bit gold” (Szabo, 2005).

1

attention to such news (Burlon et al., 2024; Berg et al., 2024).
We study the stock market valuations of U.S.-listed payment firms around key congressional
votes in the passage of S.1582, the bill that would become the Guiding and Establishing National
Innovation for U.S. Stablecoins Act (the GENIUS Act). This Act aimed to reduce regulatory
uncertainty and increase trust in the stability of designated “payment stablecoins” by requiring
100% backing with liquid assets, monthly public disclosures of reserves, and audits of stablecoin
issuers (The White House, 2025). Such measures could support wider adoption of stablecoins in
payments. Importantly, the Act passed with bipartisan support, suggesting a persistent change in
the regulatory environment.
In our baseline specification, we focus on the ten trading hours surrounding the decisive congressional vote that sent the bill to the president to be signed into law. We compare the stock
returns of incumbent payment firms to those of other financial firms, controlling for company and
time fixed effects. In the five hours prior to the vote, the two sets of stock prices follow a similar
path. Then, these prices diverge: on average, incumbent payment firms’ stock returns are approximately 1% lower than those of other financial firms in the five trading hours after the vote. These
differences in returns are statistically significant at the 1% level and equate to approximately $21.5
billion of lost market capitalization for incumbent payment firms. The decline appears to be driven
by lower expected future cash flows rather than higher expected volatility: we find no significant
relative change in the option-implied volatility of payment firms after the vote.
We next consider how the decline in stock returns varies with the characteristics of the incumbent payment firms. We inspect the firms’ regulatory filings and classify them on three important
dimensions: (i) whether the firm’s primary business focuses on cross-border rather than domestic
payments; (ii) whether proprietary network effects are central to their existing business model; and
(iii) whether they offered crypto-related services prior to the decisive vote on S.1582. We find
that the differential negative returns after the vote are significantly larger for incumbents focused
on cross-border payments, consistent with the starker contrast between relatively slow and expensive existing cross-border payments systems (e.g., Financial Stability Board, 2025; Smets, 2025)
and the inherently borderless blockchain infrastructure underpinning stablecoins. In contrast, we
find no significant relative decline for payment firms whose business entails proprietary network
effects, nor for payment firms already offering crypto-related services prior to the vote.
Markets had already partially anticipated Congress passing the GENIUS Act prior to the decisive congressional vote. As a result, the immediate price response did not reflect the full effect
2

of the GENIUS Act becoming law. To approximate this full effect, we therefore exploit data from
prediction markets on the expected probability of such a law being enacted, before and after the
decisive vote. By scaling the observed response of stock prices by the size of the probability update
around the vote, we derive a back-of-the-envelope estimate that the passage of the GENIUS Act in
2025 reduced the total market capitalization of incumbent payment firms by 18% or approximately
$300 billion, with a range of $220–470 billion across various sensitivity exercises that we detail
below.
Benchmarking this overall estimate against comparable figures for other historical shocks to
payment firms, we find a slightly larger impact of the GENIUS Act than of other recent procompetitive regulatory shocks such as the Durbin Amendment and the European Central Bank’s
plan to issue a digital euro.
Together, our results suggest that financial market participants do expect stablecoins to play an
important role in payments, substantially but heterogeneously increasing the competitive pressure
on incumbents.
Literature. Our first main contribution is to the literature on payments technologies and their
adoption. Building on early models of network effects in payments (e.g., Weinberg, 1997; Rochet
and Tirole, 2003, 2004), recent work has extended and tested the theory in the contexts of debit
and credit cards, point-of-sale machines, and mobile payments apps (e.g., Crouzet et al., 2023;
Alvarez et al., 2023; Higgins, 2024; Wang, 2025; Copestake et al., 2025b). Focusing on digital
assets, our work relates most closely to Burlon et al. (2024) and Berg et al. (2024), who study
potential adoption of a central bank digital currency. We contribute by examining stablecoins
and their potential for widespread adoption in payments, building also upon Liao et al. (2023),
who document the emergence of payment stablecoins, and Du et al. (2026), who compare current
stablecoin-based cross-border payments to correspondent banking and fintech money transmitters.
Our evidence is forward-looking—revealing that financial market participants expect stablecoins
to play a significant role in the payments landscape—and assesses payments incumbents’ exposure
by type and relative to previous shocks to the sector.
We also contribute to the growing literature on blockchains and their applications. One substrand explores the economic uses of blockchains, with recent theoretical work highlighting both
novel capabilities (Chiu and Koeppl, 2019; Cong and He, 2019; Saleh, 2021; Reuter, 2024; Li
and Mann, 2025; Budish and Sunderam, 2026) and fundamental limitations (Catalini et al., 2020;
3

Hinzen et al., 2022; Budish, 2025; Ebrahimi et al., 2025). In this sub-strand, recent empirical
papers use historical data from blockchain transactions and/or crypto exchanges to measure stablecoins’ convenience yield (Gorton et al., 2026b) and to assess the use of crypto assets in crossborder payments (Graf von Luckner et al., 2023, 2024; Auer et al., 2025; Cerutti et al., 2025). Our
paper complements this work by using stock price data on incumbent payment firms to provide
forward-looking empirical evidence on the expected future role of stablecoins in both domestic
and cross-border payments.2
Another sub-strand of the literature on blockchains examines risks and spillovers that could
become important if stablecoins are widely adopted. Several recent papers model stablecoin issuers
and the mechanisms that could lead stablecoins to depeg (e.g., Bertsch, 2023; Ma et al., 2025;
d’Avernas et al., 2026; Gorton et al., 2026a; Li and Mayer, 2025; He et al., 2026; Agur et al.,
2026). Our results suggest that, despite such possibilities, financial market participants expect
(some) stablecoins to prove sufficiently credible to play an important role in payments. In addition,
Ahmed and Aldasoro (2025), Ferrari Minesso and Siena (2026) and Cerutti et al. (2026) find
that stablecoin issuance already has detectable spillovers to financial markets—spillovers that, our
analysis suggests, will become increasingly important as stablecoins’ usage in payments grows.
Lastly, we also contribute to the literature on high-frequency identification in empirical macroeconomics and finance.3 Initially focused on monetary policy announcements, this approach is
based on the idea that, within a narrow time-span around an important event, changes in asset
prices primarily reflect the event rather than other confounding factors. Our use of legislative
shocks most closely parallels the regulatory shocks used in Fringuellotti and Kroen (2024) and
Drechsel and Miura (2026). Our approach of focusing primarily on a single, high-powered shock
builds on Acemoglu et al. (2016), who examine the announcement of Timothy Geithner as nominee for Treasury Secretary, and Hazell and Hobler (2024), who exploit the Georgia Senate election
results in early 2021. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to use this approach to investigate the implications of stablecoins for payment firms. Contemporaneous work by Ahmed and
Aldasoro (2026) uses a similar strategy to examine the implications of stablecoins for commercial
banks.
2

In focusing on the uses of blockchains in payments, our work also complements recent work in household finance
on crypto assets as investment goods, i.e., stores of value (e.g., Aiello et al., 2023a,b; Weber et al., 2023).
3
E.g., Kuttner (2001), Gürkaynak et al. (2005), Nakamura and Steinsson (2018), Jarociński and Karadi (2020),
Känzig (2021), Swanson (2021), and Bauer and Swanson (2023).

4

2

Conceptual framework

Stablecoins and incumbent payment firms. If stablecoins come to play an important role in
payments, they could affect incumbent payment firms’ future cash flows through two main channels. First, stablecoins could intensify competition and decrease incumbents’ profits. Public
blockchains are global open-access ledgers, so could reduce the up-front infrastructure investment
necessary to offer payment services. Thus, stablecoins could enable new entrants to offer payment
services at scale, as well as enable end users to make global peer-to-peer payments—in both cases,
eroding the rents of incumbent payment firms. Second, incumbents could use stablecoins to lower
the marginal cost of providing payments, which—holding competition constant—could increase
profits by raising markups and/or expanding demand.
Expectations and market prices. Financial market participants’ expectations of future market
power and future costs are reflected in the stock prices of incumbent payment firms (e.g., Cho
et al., 2026). Expectations of the impacts of technology shocks, as reflected in prices, have historically been predictive of firm performance (e.g., Kogan et al., 2017). We therefore study how the
stock prices of incumbent payment firms respond to shocks that support the use of stablecoins in
payments. Let such a shock occur at time t∗ and let the causal impact of the shock on firm i’s stock
price return between time t∗ − 1 and time t be ηi,t .
We first consider the impact of stablecoins on the average incumbent payment firm. Denote
the set of payment firms by G P and the average value of ηi,t within that group by η̄t (G P ) =
P
1
i∈G P ηi,t . Under the null hypothesis that stablecoins are not expected to play an impor|G P |
tant role in payments, payment firms’ stock prices are unaffected by the shock, so η̄t (G P ) = 0. We
conjecture that, instead:4
Hypothesis 1. Financial markets expect stablecoins to play an important role in payments, with the
“higher competition” channel dominating on average. A shock that supports the use of stablecoins
in payments therefore reduces the market value of incumbent payment firms: η̄t (G P ) < 0.
Next, we turn to heterogeneity among incumbent payment firms. Compared to domestic payments, cross-border payments are slower and more expensive (Financial Stability Board, 2025;
4

Stablecoin-native firms have already launched services (e.g., CPN) that compete with existing incumbent payment
firms, suggesting that stablecoin-driven competition is already materializing.

5

Smets, 2025). Given that the blockchain infrastructure underpinning stablecoins is inherently borderless, payment firms focused on cross-border payments could be especially exposed to increased
competition from stablecoin-based challengers. Denoting by G X the set of payment firms whose
primary business focuses on cross-border payments, and by η̄t (G X ) the analogue of η̄t (G P ) for
such firms, we have:
Hypothesis 2. Cross-border payment firms are expected to be especially exposed to stablecoins
playing a greater role in payments. A shock supporting the use of stablecoins in payments therefore
has a larger negative impact on cross-border payment firms than on other incumbent payment
firms: η̄t (G X ) < η̄t (G P ).
Among payment firms focused on domestic payments, the relative importance of the two channels is likely to vary substantially by business model. Incumbent firms that operate networks, such
as Visa or PayPal, benefit from strong direct and indirect network effects: users (whether consumers, merchants, or financial institutions) have greater incentives to remain in the network when
its user base is large. These network effects could protect such firms from increased competition.
Denoting by G N the set of incumbent payment firms whose primary business is operating one or
more networks, we have:
Hypothesis 3. Firms operating networks are expected to be less exposed to stablecoins playing a
greater role in payments. A shock supporting the use of stablecoins in payments therefore has a less
negative impact on network operators than on other incumbent payment firms: η̄t (G N ) > η̄t (G P ).
Finally, regardless of their business model, incumbent payment firms that are early to engage
with blockchain technology may be better positioned to exploit opportunities that arise or to respond to new competition. Grouping crypto-engaged payment firms into the set G E , which we
define in detail in the next section, our final hypothesis is then:
Hypothesis 4. Crypto-engaged payment firms are expected to be less vulnerable to stablecoindriven disruption, so a shock supporting the use of stablecoins in payments has a less negative
impact on them than on other incumbent payment firms: η̄t (G E ) > η̄t (G P ).

6

3

Empirical design

3.1

The GENIUS Act

The conceptual framework above requires a shock that (a) affects the future use of stablecoins in
payments, and (b) is sufficiently important that it dominates the background noise in stock price
returns (Casini and McCloskey, 2025).
To achieve these criteria, we examine legislative events relating to Senate Bill 1582 (S.1582),
which would become the Guiding and Establishing National Innovation for U.S. Stablecoins Act
(the GENIUS Act). This Act established the first federal framework for the regulation of payment
stablecoins in the U.S., aiming to reduce regulatory uncertainty and increase confidence in their
stability. Key elements include the requirements for 100% reserve backing with liquid assets, for
issuers to publish monthly disclosures of these reserves, and for independent audits for issuers
exceeding certain size thresholds (The White House, 2025). Moreover, the law ultimately passed
with bipartisan support (Figure A.1), suggesting that it would have persistent effects rather than
being reversed in the near future.
We focus on the ten trading hours surrounding the decisive congressional vote on S.1582,
namely its approval by the House of Representatives on July 17, 2025. This vote has several
advantages for our purposes. First, it occurred during a period in which financial market participants were already paying heightened attention to crypto-related legislation. Specifically, the vote
occurred during what congressional leadership dubbed “Crypto Week,” a concerted push by lawmakers to progress crypto-related legislation that was widely covered by the financial press.5 The
GENIUS Act was the only piece of crypto-related legislation to become law during “Crypto Week”
and attracted by far the most attention (Figure A.2). Thus, the marginal investor was especially
likely to be aware of S.1582 and to factor it into their trading decisions both before and after it
passed the House.
Second, the House of Representatives passing S.1582 resolved the last significant uncertainty
about whether the bill would become law. Passage by the House was the final legislative step
needed to send the bill to the president’s desk for signing, since the Senate had already approved
the bill and the House took up the Senate’s version without amendments. Whether the bill would
be signed into law if presented to the president entailed very little uncertainty, since the president
5

See, for instance, coverage in Bloomberg, the Financial Times and The Wall Street Journal.

7

had already publicly endorsed the bill before it reached the House. After the House vote, the bill
was indeed immediately presented to the president and signed into law.
Third, the bill’s passage by the House was not certain ex ante. Prior to the vote, there was both
intra-Republican and cross-party disagreement about whether to advance the bill and also about
whether to proceed instead with an alternative measure introduced into the House, H.R.2392 (the
STABLE Act). Contemporaneous news reports (e.g., Politico, Decrypt) highlighted last-minute
haggling over votes, with the president intervening directly to persuade key holdouts.6 Figure 1a
validates that the bill’s passage by the House was not perfectly anticipated. The vote was accompanied by a sudden increase in the prediction market-implied probability of stablecoin legislation
passing before the end of the year, along with an increase in the prices of the native assets of the
Ethereum and Solana blockchains—two of the largest platforms used for stablecoins.
In summary, the passage of S.1582 by the House constituted a substantial and persistent shock
that could support the use of stablecoins for payments. Next, we exploit this shock and the response of incumbent payment firms’ stock prices to learn about the expected role of stablecoins in
payments.

3.2

Data

We use data on (i) stock prices, balance sheets and income statements, (ii) legislative events, (iii)
payment firm characteristics, and (iv) prediction market-implied probabilities. Datasets (ii) and
(iii) are constructed for this study and made available with the paper.
Stock prices, balance sheets, and income statements. We use data from Bloomberg on stock
prices for three sets of firms: (i) payment firms, defined as those under Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) code 40201060, as described further below; (ii) other financial sector firms,
specifically those indicated by prefix 40 in GICS except for those in set (i); and (iii) firms in the
S&P 500 except for those in sets (i) and (ii). We combine these with balance sheet and income
statement data, also from Bloomberg.
6

First-hand accounts also emphasize this uncertainty. For instance, the White House AI and Crypto Czar stated
that: “The legislation was declared dead many times... There are a lot of twists and turns in the legislative process; it’s
definitely true that you don’t want to see the sausage getting made” (Sacks, 2025).

8

Legislative event timestamps. Congress maintains a timeline of all congressional actions taken
during the legislative process, including formal debates, votes, and proposals. Our baseline specification focuses on the approval of S.1582 by the House of Representatives on July 17, 2025. In
robustness checks (described below) we also consider a broader set of events. For each event that
we consider, we construct minute-level timestamps using C-SPAN’s congressional vote archive.
Specifically, we review footage to determine the minute of the decisive vote (i.e., the vote that put
the total count over the required threshold).
Payment firms. We classify payment firms as those in GICS code 40201060, “Transaction &
Payment Processing Services.”7 For our sample period, this definition yields 35 listed U.S. payment firms, with a combined market capitalization of $1.5 trillion in January 2025—equivalent to
65% of the aggregate market capitalization of all listed U.S. commercial banks. To test Hypotheses
2–4, we also construct three sub-groups of payment firms based on their regulatory filings. First,
we identify firms whose primary business focuses on cross-border payments (set G X ). Second, we
identify firms whose primary business involves operating one or more networks (set G N ). Finally,
we identify firms that had engaged with crypto assets prior to the passage of the GENIUS Act (set
G E ), where we define “engaging” as either (i) issuing a crypto asset or (ii) offering services that
use an existing crypto asset. We provide further details on these classifications in Appendix B.
Prediction market-implied probabilities. We use data from prediction markets to estimate the
extent to which markets already expected the GENIUS Act to become law, prior to the House vote
occurring. In prediction markets, participants trade contracts whose payoffs depend on unknown
future events (Wolfers and Zitzewitz, 2004).8 These markets are useful in our context because they
provide a high-frequency, numerical proxy for markets’ expectations. We use probabilities from
Polymarket’s market “U.S. enacts stablecoin bill in 2025?”.
7

We also include American Express, which GICS classifies as a bank, since it operates one of the largest card
networks.
8
The resulting prices closely approximate the average beliefs of traders for a broad class of models (Wolfers and
Zitzewitz, 2006). Prediction markets have been used in economics since at least Weitzman (1965) and are widely
recognized as a potent research tool (Arrow et al., 2008). A growing literature documents that they rapidly incorporate
new information and exhibit lower errors than both professional forecasters and polls of the public (e.g., Rhode and
Strumpf, 2004; Snowberg et al., 2007; Berg et al., 2008; Snowberg et al., 2013; Swanson et al., 2025; Diercks et al.,
2026).

9

3.3

Specifications

We estimate coefficients γt that are the empirical counterparts of the hypothetical quantities η̄t
defined in Section 2.
Baseline. To test Hypothesis 1, we compare the evolution of the stock prices of payment firms
and other firms in the financial sector (e.g., banks, asset managers, insurers) over the ten trading
hours surrounding the decisive House of Representatives vote on S.1582. We estimate the following difference-in-differences specification:
ln(Pi,t ) = αi + αt +

∗ +20
tX


γτ 1{t=τ } × 1{i∈G P } + ϵi,t

(1)

τ =t∗ −20
τ ̸=t∗ −1

where Pi,t is the stock price of firm i at time t and αi and αt are firm and time fixed effects. G P is
the set of all payment firms, and 1{i∈G P } is a dummy equal to one if firm i is in G P . We define t
using 15-minute intervals during regular trading hours, dropping periods when markets are closed.
t∗ denotes the end of the interval within which the decisive vote occurred. The resulting estimates
γ̂τ × 100 reflect the differential cumulative return, in percentage points, of payment firms relative
to other financial sector firms between the period prior to the decisive vote and period τ . We cluster
standard errors by firm i and by period t.
The difference-in-differences specification allows us to account for any aggregate shocks affecting the financial sector. The high-frequency approach reduces the chance that any other contemporaneous shocks occur that differentially affect payment firms relative to other financial sector
firms. To estimate the average differential return over the post-vote interval, we estimate the following specification over the same ten-hour window:

ln(Pi,t ) = αi + αt + γ 1{t≥t∗ } × 1{i∈G P } + ϵi,t .

10

(2)

Heterogeneity. To test Hypotheses 2 to 4, we examine differential returns across the firm groups
described in Section 3.2. We estimate the following specification:
ln(Pi,t ) = αi + αt +

∗ +20
tX

γτ¬g 1{t=τ } × 1{i∈G P } × 1{i∈g}
/



τ =t∗ −20
τ ̸=t∗ −1

+

∗ +20
tX


γτg 1{t=τ } × 1{i∈G P } × 1{i∈g} + ϵi,t

(3)

τ =t∗ −20
τ ̸=t∗ −1

for each of g = G X , G N , G E . Intuitively, we repeat specification (1) but allow the estimates γτg for
the subset of payment firms under consideration (e.g., firms focused on cross-border payments) to
differ from the estimates γτ¬g for other payment firms.9 To test whether any such differences are
statistically significant on average over our event window, we also run the following specification:
ln(Pi,t ) = αi + αt + γ1 1{t≥t∗ } × 1{i∈G P }




+ γ2 1{t≥t∗ } × 1{i∈G P } × 1{i∈g} + ϵi,t .

4

(4)

Results

Baseline. Figure 1b plots the change in average stock prices of payment firms and other financial
sector firms around the passage of S.1582 by the House. Figure 1c plots our baseline estimates, γτ
from equation (1), which compare the evolution of stock returns for payment firms against those of
non-payment financial firms around the decisive House vote. Differential returns in the pre-event
window are not statistically significant, supporting the interpretation that post-event differences
reflect event-related repricing rather than the continuation of a prior trend.
After the vote, payment firms’ stock prices fall substantially relative to those of non-payment
financial firms and remain lower for the remainder of the event window, consistent with the prediction of Hypothesis 1. Across these five hours, incumbent payment firms’ stock returns are on
average 0.75 percentage points lower than those of other financial firms, and these differences are
When examining Hypothesis 3—i.e., when setting g = G N —we drop the cross-border payment firms (i ∈ G X )
from the sample to allow a clean comparison of firms focused on domestic payments that do versus do not operate
networks.
9

11

significant at the 1% level (Table 1, Column 1). Weighting firms by market capitalization, the
average difference is 1.3 percentage points (Column 2). Multiplying this by the ex-ante market
capitalization of the incumbent payment firms, these lower returns equate to approximately $21.5
billion of lost market capitalization.
Robustness. This baseline result is robust to a battery of alternative specifications, which we
detail in Appendix C. First, the differential decline is similar when we (i) use alternative definitions
of the control group, (ii) control for differential trends by firm size and profitability, and (iii) use
a narrower or wider event window. Second, we find similar results when we examine a broader
set of congressional events that advanced the GENIUS Act—rather than focusing only on the
final, decisive House vote. Third, the differential decline emerges after the passage of S.1582
specifically, rather than being triggered by other crypto-related legislation under consideration
during the same week. Fourth, we find a similar relationship when simply regressing firm value
directly on the market-implied probability of passage over the entire period during which S.1582
was in the House of Representatives. Finally, placebo tests confirm that our results are specific to
legislative windows that contain stablecoin news shocks.
Mechanisms. Lower returns of payment firms after the vote could reflect a decline in the expected level of their future cash flows and/or an increase in the expected uncertainty surrounding
them. To distinguish between these two mechanisms, we repeat our baseline specification using
firms’ 30-day and 24-month put-implied volatility as outcome variables (Appendix D). As shown
in Figure D.1a, we do not find significant relative changes in option-implied volatility, consistent
with our results being driven primarily by a change in the expected level of incumbents’ future
cash flows.
Heterogeneity. We next examine how the response varied across types of payment firm. Crossborder payment firms saw larger declines (Figure 2 panel (a)). On average, the returns of noncross-border payment firms were 0.67 percentage points below those of other financial firms in the
post-event window, while those of cross-border payment firms were an additional 0.64 percentage
points lower (Table 1 column 3), in line with Hypothesis 2.10 In contrast, the stock prices of firms
10

While our sample contains only a small number of specialized cross-border payment firms, this result is not driven
by just one firm. Figure D.1b plots the changes in value of all our cross-border payment firms and reveals that they all
see substantial price declines after the vote.

12

operating networks and firms already engaged with crypto did not fall significantly relative to those
of other financial firms in the post-event window (Figure 2 panels (b) and (c)), with their returns
significantly higher than those of other payment firms (Table 1 columns 4 and 5), in line with
Hypotheses 3 and 4.11

5

Benchmarking

The estimates above reflect the impact of the specific House vote on S.1582, rather than the overall
impact of the GENIUS Act becoming law. Estimating the latter is challenging because many other
shocks occurred between the bill’s introduction into the Senate on May 1 and the President signing
it on July 18. In this section, we derive a back-of-the-envelope estimate of the overall impact of
the GENIUS Act by scaling our well-identified estimates above. We then benchmark this estimate
against other historical shocks to payment firms.
Estimating an implied overall impact. Returning to the conceptual framework of Section 2,
denote by pt∗ −1 the probability that market participants assigned to the GENIUS Act becoming
law prior to the House vote, and denote by pt their posterior probability at some subsequent time
t > t∗ . We are interested in the hypothetical overall impact on stock returns of the GENIUS
Act becoming law, which we denote by η̄ G . If pt∗ −1 = 0 and pt = 1—i.e., the GENIUS Act
was not expected to become law before the vote, and considered certain after it—then we have
η̄t = η̄ G : the stock price reaction is identical to the overall impact of the policy. Conversely, if
pt∗ −1 = pt —i.e., the House vote did not lead market participants to update their expectations—
we have η̄t = 0: stock prices do not respond, since no relevant information has been released.
Between these two extremes, we follow Snowberg et al. (2011) and Hazell and Hobler (2024),
in assuming a linear relationship between the size of the probability update and the stock price
reaction: η̄t = η̄ G (pt − pt∗ −1 ). Estimating pt∗ −1 and pt using the Polymarket market “U.S. enacts
stablecoin bill in 2025?” in the five trading hours before and after the House vote, and using
our corresponding market capitalization-weighted estimate from the previous section, we can thus
11

These two findings are independent: the lack of a decline among network firms holds even when excluding
crypto-engaged firms, and the lack of a decline among crypto-engaged firms holds even when excluding network firms
(Figures D.1c and D.1d).

13

calculate:
η̄ G =

−0.013
η̄t
≈
= −18%.
pt − pt∗ −1
1 − 0.93

(5)

Multiplying this by the market capitalization of payment firms the day before the vote gives an
overall estimate of approximately $300 billion in lost market value.
Linearity assumption and sensitivity. If the linearity assumption above does not hold, our estimation procedure could lead us to either over- or under-estimate the true overall effect.12 As a
result, our overall estimate should be interpreted with caution. However, our estimates remain similar (varying from 13–27%, or $220–470 billion) when (i) examining other legislative milestones
in the passage of the GENIUS Act that took place at different initial levels of probability or (ii) using alternative window widths that contained different sizes of probability update (Figure 3). This
consistency provides reassurance that our estimated overall impact is not too sensitive to changes
in pt∗ −1 , in pt , and in the linear scaling procedure.
Comparison to previous regulatory shocks. Finally, we benchmark our findings against other
historical shocks to payment firms. Figure 4 summarizes the results and Appendix E explains the
construction of the benchmarks. In short, we compare our findings to: (a) the impact on U.S. payment firms of the Durbin Amendment, an unexpected last-minute amendment to the Dodd-Frank
Act in 2010 that capped debit card interchange fees; (b) the impact on U.S. payment networks of
President Trump announcing his support for the Credit Card Competition Act in January 2026; (c)
the impact on U.S. and European payment firms between 2016 and 2022 of the anticipated launch
of the digital euro; (d) the impact on One97 Communications (the parent company of Paytm, a
large Indian fintech platform) of the Reserve Bank of India directing Paytm Payments Bank to stop
accepting fresh deposits in January 2024; and (e) the impact on a major global mobile payments
platform of its IPO being suspended and more stringent regulation being imposed upon it.
12

On one hand, if market participants wait for certainty before acting, the last increment of updating—from pt∗ −1 <
1 to pt = 1—could have a disproportionately large impact on market values. Scaling up an estimated η̄t derived from
this increment would thus lead us to over-estimate the overall effect η̄ G . On the other hand, some market participants
may only seek a “sufficiently high” degree of certainty before committing fully to an investment decision. Such
participants may thus have fully priced in the bill’s passage even before the vote, given that the Polymarket-implied
probability of the US enacting stablecoin legislation in 2025 was already high in absolute terms by the time of our
analysis (pt∗ −1 ≈ 93%, as described above). This would dampen the change in stock prices after the vote, leading us
to under-estimate the total impact when scaling up our estimate.

14

We find that the impact of U.S. stablecoin legislation on U.S. payment firms was larger than
the impacts on U.S. payment firms of recent pro-competitive regulatory shocks (i.e., (a), (b) and
(c) above), but smaller than the impacts of severe regulatory actions that targeted specific non-U.S.
payment firms (i.e., (d) and (e)).
Given this relatively large estimated impact, one might naturally expect incumbent payment
firms to respond by engaging more closely with stablecoins (see, for example, Goldstein, 2023).
In Appendix F, we provide descriptive evidence that this is indeed the case. The months immediately after the GENIUS Act passed saw increases in both the share of payment firms offering
crypto-based services and the frequency with which stablecoins were mentioned on payment firms’
earnings calls.

6

Conclusion

Despite more than a decade of efforts, no digital equivalent of cash has yet achieved widespread
adoption in everyday payments. Our findings suggest that, nonetheless, financial market participants do expect stablecoins to play an important role in payments. Following the decisive congressional vote on the GENIUS Act—which aimed to support payment stablecoins—the market value
of incumbent payment firms declined significantly, signaling that the new framework is expected
to heighten competition in payments.
We find substantial variation in the estimated impact across different types of payment firms: (i)
it is larger for firms specializing in cross-border payments, consistent with stablecoins’ comparative
advantage in this context; (ii) it is smaller for incumbents protected by network effects, consistent
with these insulating them from competitive pressures; and (iii) it is smaller for incumbents already
offering crypto-related services, consistent with early engagement with the technology improving
firms’ ability to exploit opportunities that arise or to respond to new competition.
We conclude by combining our high-frequency identification approach with prediction market
data to estimate an overall impact of the GENIUS Act on U.S. payment firms. While our backof-the-envelope estimate should be interpreted with caution, our results suggest that stablecoins
are expected to have a larger impact on the payments industry than several recent pro-competitive
regulatory shocks, such as the Durbin Amendment and the European Central Bank’s plan to issue
a digital euro. If stablecoin usage in payments grows, and as direct data on stablecoin payments
transactions becomes available, future research could test these predictions directly.
15

References
ACEMOGLU , D., S. J OHNSON , A. K ERMANI , J. K WAK , AND T. M ITTON (2016): “The Value
of Connections in Turbulent Times: Evidence from the United States,” Journal of Financial
Economics, 121, 368–391.
AGUR , I., A. C OPESTAKE , G. D ELL’A RICCIA , AND M. R EUTER (2026): “Banking with Stablecoins,” IMF Working Papers, International Monetary Fund, forthcoming.
A HMED , R. AND I. A LDASORO (2025): “Stablecoins and Safe Asset Prices,” BIS Working Papers
1270, Bank for International Settlements.
——— (2026): “Bank Equity Price Reactions to Stablecoin Legislation,” Andersen Institute Note,
Andersen Institute for Finance and Economics.
A IELLO , D., S. R. BAKER , T. BALYUK , M. D I M AGGIO , M. J. J OHNSON , AND J. D. KOTTER
(2023a): “The Effects of Cryptocurrency Wealth on Household Consumption and Investment,”
NBER Working Papers 31445, National Bureau of Economic Research.
——— (2023b): “Who Invests in Crypto? Wealth, Financial Constraints, and Risk Attitudes,”
NBER Working Papers 31856, National Bureau of Economic Research.
A LLAIRE , J. (2025): “The Internet’s Next Currency,” Interview by Steven Levy. Wired, December
4, 2025. Video, 12:45.
A LLIUM
L ABS
(2025):
“Onchain
Analytics
Dashboard,”
https://docs.allium.so/historical-data/stablecoins#adjusted-metrics.

Available

at:

A LVAREZ , F. E., D. A RGENTE , F. L IPPI , E. M ÉNDEZ , AND D. VAN PATTEN (2023): “Strategic Complementarities in a Dynamic Model of Technology Adoption: P2P Digital Payments,”
NBER Working Papers 31280, National Bureau of Economic Research.
A RROW, K. J., R. F ORSYTHE , M. G ORHAM , R. H AHN , R. H ANSON , J. O. L EDYARD , S. L EVMORE , R. L ITAN , P. M ILGROM , F. D. N ELSON , G. R. N EUMANN , M. OTTAVIANI , T. C.
S CHELLING , R. J. S HILLER , V. L. S MITH , E. S NOWBERG , C. R. S UNSTEIN , P. C. T ETLOCK ,
P. E. T ETLOCK , H. R. VARIAN , J. W OLFERS , AND E. Z ITZEWITZ (2008): “The Promise of
Prediction Markets,” Science, 320, 877–878.
16

AUER , R., U. L EWRICK , AND J. PAULICK (2025): “DeFiying Gravity? An Empirical Analysis
of Cross-Border Bitcoin, Ether and Stablecoin Flows,” BIS Working Papers 1265, Bank for
International Settlements.
BACK , A. (2002): “Hashcash - A Denial of Service Counter-Measure,” Technical report.
BAUER , M. D. AND E. T. S WANSON (2023): “An Alternative Explanation for the ‘Fed Information Effect’,” American Economic Review, 113, 664–700.
B ERG , J., R. F ORSYTHE , F. N ELSON , AND T. R IETZ (2008): “Results from a Dozen Years of
Election Futures Markets Research,” Handbook of Experimental Economics Results, 1, Part 5,
742–751.
B ERG , T., J. K EIL , F. M ARTINI , AND M. P URI (2024): “CBDCs, Payment Firms, and Geopolitics,” NBER Working Papers 32857, National Bureau of Economic Research.
B ERTSCH , C. (2023): “Stablecoins: Adoption and Fragility,” Sveriges Riksbank Working Paper
Series 423, Sveriges Riksbank.
B UDISH , E. (2025): “Trust at Scale: The Economic Limits of Cryptocurrencies and Blockchains,”
The Quarterly Journal of Economics, 140, 1–62.
B UDISH , E. AND A. S UNDERAM (2026): “Blockchain Technology for Traditional Finance,”
NBER Working Papers 34959, National Bureau of Economic Research.
B URLON , L., M. A. M UÑOZ , AND F. S METS (2024): “The Optimal Quantity of CBDC in a
Bank-Based Economy,” American Economic Journal: Macroeconomics, 16, 172–217.
C ASINI , A. AND A. M C C LOSKEY (2025): “Identification and Estimation of Causal Effects in
High-Frequency Event Studies,” arXiv:2406.15667 [econ].
C ATALINI , C., R. JAGADEESAN , AND S. D. KOMINERS (2020): “Markets for Crypto Tokens,
and Security under Proof of Stake,” SSRN Scholarly Paper 3740654, Social Science Research
Network.
C ERUTTI , E., J. C HEN , AND M. H ENGGE (2025): “A Primer on Bitcoin Cross-Border Flows:
Measurement and Drivers,” Journal of International Money and Finance, 159, 103424.
17

C ERUTTI , E., M. F IRAT, M. H ENGGE , AND T. S AGAWA (2026): “Stablecoin Shocks,” IMF
Working Papers 2026/044, International Monetary Fund.
C HAUM , D. (1983): “Blind Signatures for Untraceable Payments,” in Advances in Cryptology,
ed. by D. Chaum, R. L. Rivest, and A. T. Sherman, Boston, MA: Springer US, 199–203.
C HIU , J. AND T. V. KOEPPL (2019): “Blockchain-Based Settlement for Asset Trading,” The
Review of Financial Studies, 32, 1716–1753.
C HO , T., M. G ROTTERIA , L. K REMENS , AND H. K UNG (2026): “The Present Value of Future
Market Power,” The Review of Financial Studies.
C ONG , L. W. AND Z. H E (2019): “Blockchain Disruption and Smart Contracts,” The Review of
Financial Studies, 32, 1754–1797.
C OPESTAKE , A., D. K IRTI , AND M. M ARTINEZ P ERIA (2025a): “Growing Retail Digital Payments: The Value of Interoperability,” IMF Fintech Notes 2025/004, International Monetary
Fund.
C OPESTAKE , A., D. K IRTI , M. M ARTINEZ P ERIA , AND Y. Z ENG (2025b): “Integrating Fragmented Networks: The Value of Interoperability in Money and Payments,” IMF Working Papers
2025/126, International Monetary Fund.
C ROUZET, N., A. G UPTA , AND F. M EZZANOTTI (2023): “Shocks and Technology Adoption:
Evidence from Electronic Payment Systems,” Journal of Political Economy, 131, 3003–3065.
DAI , W. (1998): “b-money,” Available at: http://www.weidai.com/bmoney.txt.
D ’AVERNAS , A., V. M AURIN , AND Q. VANDEWEYER (2026): “Can Stablecoins Be Stable?”

Management Science.
D IERCKS , A. M., J. D. K ATZ , AND J. H. W RIGHT (2026): “Kalshi and the Rise of Macro
Markets,” NBER Working Papers 34702, National Bureau of Economic Research.
D RECHSEL , T. AND K. M IURA (2026): “The Macroeconomic Effects of Bank Regulation: New
Evidence from a High-Frequency Approach,” NBER Working Papers 35071, National Bureau
of Economic Research.
18

D U , W., C. H UANG , AND D. S CHARFSTEIN (2026): “Competing Rails for Cross-Border Payments: Banks, Fintechs and Stablecoins,” Working Paper, Harvard Business School.
E BRAHIMI , Z., M. G UENNEWIG , B. ROUTLEDGE , AND A. Z ETLIN -J ONES (2025): “Achieving
Consensus on Blockchains,” CRC TR 224 Discussion Paper Series 224/2025/685, University of
Bonn and University of Mannheim, Germany.
F ERRARI M INESSO , M. AND D. S IENA (2026): “Private Money and Public Debt: U.S. Stablecoins and the Global Safe Asset Channel,” ECB Working Paper Series 3174, European Central
Bank.
F INANCIAL S TABILITY B OARD (2025): “G20 Roadmap for Enhancing Cross-Border Payments:
Consolidated Progress Report for 2025,” Report, Financial Stability Board.
F INNEY,
H. (2004):
“Reusable
https://cryptome.org/rpow.htm.

Proofs

of

Work

(RPOW),”

Available

at:

F RINGUELLOTTI , F. AND T. K ROEN (2024): “Payout Restrictions and Bank Risk-Shifting,”
SSRN Scholarly Paper 4969786, Social Science Research Network.
G OLDSTEIN , I. (2023): “Information in Financial Markets and Its Real Effects,” Review of
Finance, 27, 1–32.
G ORTON , G. B., E. C. K LEE , C. P. ROSS , S. Y. ROSS , AND A. P. VARDOULAKIS (2026a):
“Leverage and Stablecoin Pegs,” Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis, 61, 99–136.
G ORTON , G. B., C. P. ROSS , AND S. Y. ROSS (2026b): “Making Money,” Journal of Finance,
forthcoming.
G RAF VON L UCKNER , C., R. KOEPKE , AND S. S GHERRI (2024): “Crypto as a Marketplace for
Capital Flight,” IMF Working Papers 2024/133, International Monetary Fund.
G RAF VON L UCKNER , C., C. M. R EINHART, AND K. ROGOFF (2023): “Decrypting New Age
International Capital Flows,” Journal of Monetary Economics, 138, 104–122.
G ÜRKAYNAK , R. S., B. S ACK , AND E. S WANSON (2005): “The Sensitivity of Long-Term
Interest Rates to Economic News: Evidence and Implications for Macroeconomic Models,”
American Economic Review, 95, 425–436.
19

H AZELL , J. AND S. H OBLER (2024): “Do Deficits Cause Inflation? A High Frequency Narrative
Approach,” Discussion Papers 2439, Centre for Macroeconomics (CFM).
H E , H., Y. Z HAO , AND D. Z HOU (2026): “Stablecoins and Macroeconomic Stability: A DSGE
Investigation,” IMF Working Papers 2026/129, International Monetary Fund.
H IGGINS , S. (2024): “Financial Technology Adoption: Network Externalities of Cashless Payments in Mexico,” American Economic Review, 114, 3469–3512.
H INZEN , F. J., K. J OHN , AND F. S ALEH (2022): “Bitcoin’s Limited Adoption Problem,” Journal
of Financial Economics, 144, 347–369.
JAROCI ŃSKI , M. AND P. K ARADI (2020): “Deconstructing Monetary Policy Surprises—The Role
of Information Shocks,” American Economic Journal: Macroeconomics, 12, 1–43.
K AY, B. S., M. D. M ANUSZAK , AND C. M. VOJTECH (2018): “Competition and Complementarities in Retail Banking: Evidence from Debit Card Interchange Regulation,” Journal of Financial
Intermediation, 34, 91–108.
KOGAN , L., D. PAPANIKOLAOU , A. S ERU , AND N. S TOFFMAN (2017): “Technological Innovation, Resource Allocation, and Growth,” The Quarterly Journal of Economics, 132, 665–712.
K RUGMAN , P. (2025): “Crypto Is Still for Criming,” Substack newsletter post.
K UTTNER , K. N. (2001): “Monetary Policy Surprises and Interest Rates: Evidence from the Fed
Funds Futures Market,” Journal of Monetary Economics, 47, 523–544.
K ÄNZIG , D. R. (2021): “The Macroeconomic Effects of Oil Supply News: Evidence from OPEC
Announcements,” American Economic Review, 111, 1092–1125.
L I , J. AND W. M ANN (2025): “Digital Tokens and Platform Building,” The Review of Financial
Studies, 38, 1921–1954.
L I , Y. AND S. M AYER (2025): “Financial Intermediation with Fragile Seigniorage: A Dynamic
Model of Stablecoin Issuers,” SSRN Scholarly Paper 3757083, Social Science Research Network.

20

L IAO , G., T. H ADEED , AND Z. Z ENG (2023): “Beyond Speculation: Payment Stablecoins for
Real-time Gross Settlements,” SSRN Scholarly Paper 4476859, Social Science Research Network.
M A , Y., Y. Z ENG , AND A. L. Z HANG (2025): “Stablecoin Runs and the Centralization of Arbitrage,” NBER Working Papers 33882, National Bureau of Economic Research.
M UKHARLYAMOV, V. AND N. S ARIN (2025): “Price Regulation in Two-Sided Markets: Empirical Evidence from Debit Cards,” Journal of Financial Economics, 172, 104094.
NAKAMOTO , S. (2008): “Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System,” White paper. Available at: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf.
NAKAMURA , E. AND J. S TEINSSON (2018): “High-Frequency Identification of Monetary NonNeutrality: The Information Effect,” The Quarterly Journal of Economics, 133, 1283–1330.
O NE 97 C OMMUNICATIONS L IMITED (2024): “Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Press Release,” Press
release, February 16, 2024.
R ESERVE BANK OF I NDIA (2024): “Action against Paytm Payments Bank Ltd under Section 35A
of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949,” Press Release 2023–2024/1774.
R EUTER , M. (2024): “Platform Precommitment via Decentralization,” IMF Working Papers
2024/028, International Monetary Fund.
R HODE , P. W. AND K. S. S TRUMPF (2004): “Historical Presidential Betting Markets,” Journal of
Economic Perspectives, 18, 127–141.
ROCHET, J.-C. AND J. T IROLE (2003): “Platform Competition in Two-Sided Markets,” Journal
of the European Economic Association, 1, 990–1029.
——— (2004): “Two-Sided Markets: An Overview,” Working Paper, Institut d’Économie Industrielle (IDEI), Toulouse.
ROGOFF , K. S. (2025a): Our Dollar, Your Problem: An Insider’s View of Seven Turbulent
Decades of Global Finance, and the Road Ahead, The Henry L. Stimson Lectures Series, New
Haven: Yale University Press.
21

——— (2025b): “The Past and Future of Money: New Technologies and Economic Risks,” Group
of Thirty Report, Group of Thirty.
S ACKS , D. (2025): “AI, Crypto, China, Dems, and SF,” The a16z Show, available at:
https://open.spotify.com/episode/5OndRhYfJK9BB5aYKe5lUv.
S ALEH , F. (2021): “Blockchain without Waste: Proof-of-Stake,” The Review of Financial Studies,
34, 1156–1190.
S METS , F. (2025): “Cross-Border Payments—A Catalyst for Global Integration and Growth,” 61st
SEACEN Governors’ Conference.
S NOWBERG , E., J. W OLFERS , AND E. Z ITZEWITZ (2007): “Partisan Impacts on the Economy:
Evidence from Prediction Markets and Close Elections,” The Quarterly Journal of Economics,
122, 807–829.
——— (2011): “How Prediction Markets Can Save Event Studies,” NBER Working Papers 16949,
National Bureau of Economic Research.
——— (2013): “Prediction Markets for Economic Forecasting,” in Handbook of Economic
Forecasting, ed. by G. Elliott and A. Timmermann, Elsevier, vol. 2 of Handbook of Economic
Forecasting, 657–687.
S WANSON , E. T. (2021): “Measuring the Effects of Federal Reserve Forward Guidance and Asset
Purchases on Financial Markets,” Journal of Monetary Economics, 118, 32–53.
S WANSON , E. T., R. WANG , AND Y. W U (2025): “The Effects of Monetary Policy on Macroeconomic Expectations: High-Frequency Evidence from Prediction Markets,” SSRN Scholarly
Paper 6073727, Social Science Research Network.
S ZABO , N. (2005): “Bit Gold,” Blog post, Unenumerated.
T HE W HITE H OUSE (2025): “Fact Sheet: President Donald J. Trump Signs GENIUS Act into
Law,” Press release, July 18, 2025.
WANG , L. (2025): “Regulating Competing Payment Networks,” SSRN Scholarly Paper 5262161,
Social Science Research Network.
22

W EBER , M., B. C ANDIA , O. C OIBION , AND Y. G ORODNICHENKO (2023): “Do You Even
Crypto, Bro? Cryptocurrencies in Household Finance,” NBER Working Papers 31284, National
Bureau of Economic Research.
W EINBERG , J. A. (1997): “The Organization of Private Payment Networks,” Federal Reserve
Bank of Richmond Economic Quarterly, 83, 25–43.
W EITZMAN , M. (1965): “Utility Analysis and Group Behavior: An Empirical Study,” Journal of
Political Economy, 73, 18–26.
W OLFERS , J. AND E. Z ITZEWITZ (2004):
Perspectives, 18, 107–126.

“Prediction Markets,” Journal of Economic

——— (2006): “Interpreting Prediction Market Prices as Probabilities,” NBER Working Papers
12200, National Bureau of Economic Research.

23

Figure 1: Evolution of market values around the House passage of S.1582
(a) Prediction market-implied probability and changes in crypto asset prices (percent)
100%

6

Market-implied probability
ETH (RHS)
SOL (RHS)

3

95%
0

-3

90%

-6
-5

-4

-3

-2

-1
0
1
Trading hours since event

2

3

4

5

(b) Average price change by group of firms (percent)
0.5

0

-0.5

-1
Payment firms
Other financial firms

-1.5
-5

-4

-3

-2

-1
0
1
Trading hours since event

2

3

4

5

(c) Differential return of payment firms relative to other financial firms (percentage points)
0.5
0
-0.5
-1
-1.5
-5

-4

-3

-2

-1
0
1
Trading hours since event

2

3

4

5

Notes: Panel (a) shows the probability of stablecoin legislation passing implied by the Polymarket market
“U.S. enacts stablecoin bill in 2025?”, along with the percent change in price of the native assets of the
Ethereum and Solana blockchains relative to the period directly prior to the vote. Panel (b) shows the percent
change in the average prices of payment firms and other financial firms after the vote. Panel (c) shows our
baseline results, estimated using equation (1). Shaded regions in panel (c) indicate 95% confidence intervals.
While both crypto and prediction markets operate 24/7, we show all prices for the same set of stock-market
trading hours so that all series are directly comparable.

24

Figure 2: Differential return around House passage of S.1582, by firm group (percentage points)
(a) Firms focused on cross-border payments
1

0

-1

Cross-border
Baseline

-2
-5

-4

-3

-2

-1
0
1
Trading hours since event

2

3

4

5

2

3

4

5

3

4

5

(b) Firms operating networks
1

0

-1
Networks
Baseline

-2
-5

-4

-3

-2

-1
0
1
Trading hours since event

(c) Firms engaged with crypto assets
1

0

-1
Crypto-engaged
Baseline

-2
-5

-4

-3

-2

-1
0
1
Trading hours since event

2

Notes: Each panel plots event-time coefficients from equation (3) estimated at 15-minute frequency around
the decisive House vote advancing S.1582. Panel (a) shows the differential response of firms whose primary
business relates to cross-border payments. Panel (b) shows the differential response of firms whose primary
business involves operating one or more networks. Panel (c) shows the differential response of firms that
were early to engage with crypto assets, as defined in Appendix B. In each case, the blue dashed line plots
our baseline coefficients from Figure 1c. Shaded regions indicate 95% confidence intervals.

25

Figure 3: Sensitivity of implied overall-impact estimates
Baseline

4h
8h
Alternative windows: 12h
24h
48h

Other events: All events
Senate only
0%

10%
20%
Estimated negative impact on market value (percent)

30%

Notes: This figure shows the implied aggregate impact of S.1582’s passage on incumbent payment firms’
market value, when using the baseline methodology or several alternative approaches. Our baseline estimate
of 18% scales the market-capitalization-weighted coefficient estimated using equation (2) by the change in
the prediction-market-implied probability of passage over the corresponding event window, as shown in
equation (5). We assess robustness by: (i) repeating our baseline specification using different window
widths, which contained different sizes of probability update and hence receive different prediction-marketbased scaling factors; (ii) running a pooled specification that includes all successful roll-call floor votes on
the main text of the bill and weights each event according to the size of the probability update around it (see
equation (C.4)); and (iii) repeating our baseline specification for the passage of S.1582 by the Senate and
scaling the coefficient by the size of the corresponding probability update. See Appendix C for a detailed
description of each procedure.

26

Figure 4: Comparing our results to other historical shocks to payment firms
Trump endorses CCCA: US payment networks
Durbin Amendment: US payment firms
Digital euro: US payment firms
GENIUS Act: US payment firms
GENIUS Act: US cross-border payment firms
Digital euro: EU payment firms (positive)
RBI blocks new deposits: One97 Communications
IPO suspended: Major mobile payments platform
0

10

20
30
40
Estimated negative impact on market value (percent)

50

60

Notes: This figure benchmarks the negative impacts on the market value of US payment firms that we
find against the estimated impacts of other historical shocks affecting payment firms. The red bars show
our estimates of the impact of U.S. stablecoin legislation, and the blue bars show the estimated impacts of
other historical shocks. Specifically, the blue bars reflect, in turn: (i) the impact on U.S. payment network
operators of President Trump announcing his support for the Credit Card Competition Act in January 2026;
(ii) the impact on U.S. payment firms of the Durbin Amendment, an unexpected last-minute amendment
to the Dodd-Frank Act in 2010 that capped debit card interchange fees; (iii) the impact on U.S. payment
firms between 2016 and 2022 of the anticipated launch of the digital euro; (iv) the impact on European
payment firms of the anticipated launch of the digital euro, over the same period; (v) the impact on One97
Communications (the parent company of Indian fintech firm Paytm) of the Reserve Bank of India directing
Paytm Payments Bank to stop accepting fresh deposits in January 2024; and (vi) the impact on a major
global mobile payments platform of its IPO being suspended and more stringent regulation being imposed
upon it. The estimated impact in case (iv) is positive, unlike the other cases. In case (v), the end of the dark
(light) blue bar indicates the lower (upper) bound for the estimated impact. We describe the sources and
construction of the benchmarks in detail in Appendix E. The estimated impacts of the Durbin Amendment
and a digital euro are from Berg et al. (2024).

27

Table 1: Average differential return of payment firms relative to other financial firms after the
House passage of S.1582 (percentage points)

All payment firms:
1{t≥t∗ } × 1{i∈G P }

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

-0.747∗∗∗
(-3.17)

-1.272∗∗∗
(-3.73)

-0.672∗∗
(-2.60)

-1.055∗∗∗
(-2.80)

-0.996∗∗∗
(-3.34)

-0.642∗∗
(-2.22)

Cross-border:
1{t≥t∗ } × 1{i∈G P } × 1{i∈G X }

0.885∗∗
(2.03)

Network operators:
1{t≥t∗ } × 1{i∈G P } × 1{i∈G N }

0.845∗∗
(2.21)

Crypto-engaged:
1{t≥t∗ } × 1{i∈G P } × 1{i∈G E }
Firm FEs
Period FEs
Mkt. Cap. Weighting
N

✓
✓
27,839

✓
✓
✓
27,716

✓
✓

✓
✓

✓
✓

27,839

27,675

27,839

Notes: t-statistics in parentheses. * p <0.10, ** p <0.05, *** p <0.01. Standard errors clustered by
firm and by period. G P denotes the set of all U.S.-listed payment firms, G X denotes firms whose
primary business relates to cross-border payments, G N denotes the set of all firms whose primary
business involves operating one or more networks, and G E denotes firms that were early to engage
with crypto assets, as defined in Appendix B. Coefficients in columns (1) and (2) reflect the average
differential return of payments firms relative to other non-payments financial firms, in percent,
over the five hours after the decisive House vote on S.1582. Column (1) weights all observations
equally, while column (2) weights them by pre-event market capitalization. The lower coefficients
in columns (3), (4), and (5) reflect the incremental difference in such returns for firms in the named
category (e.g., firms focused on cross-border payments). In Column (4), we exclude cross-border
payment firms from the sample as described in Section 3.3 to allow a clean comparison of firms
focused on domestic payments that do versus do not operate networks.

28

ONLINE APPENDIX TO

Stablecoins and the Future of Payments:
Evidence from Financial Markets
by Alexander Copestake, Cage Englander,
Maria Soledad Martinez Peria, and Germán Villegas-Bauer

A Additional figures

i

B Payment firm groups

ii

C Robustness

v

D Mechanisms and heterogeneity

xiv

E Benchmarks

xv

F Additional descriptive evidence

xviii

A

Additional figures
Figure A.1: Votes by party on S.1582
Senate cloture, May 19

Y
N
A

Senate motion to proceed, May 21

Y
N
A

Senate cloture, June 12

Y
N
A

Republican
Democratic
Other

Y
Senate vote, June 17 N
A

House vote, July 17

Y
N
A
0

100

200

300

Votes cast by chamber

Notes: This figure shows the vote breakdown by party for the five successful votes on the main text of S.1582, the
bill that would become the GENIUS Act, during the process of its passage through Congress. “Y” denotes votes
for the motion, “N” denotes votes against the motion, and “A” indicates abstentions. The larger number of votes in
the House reflects the larger number of representatives in the chamber. Source: Congress.gov.

Figure A.2: Attention regarding potential crypto asset legislation
(a) Google Trends
100

(b) Mentions in firm communication
40

Crypto Week

GENIUS Act
CLARITY Act
Anti-CBDC Surveillance State Act

GENIUS Act
CLARITY Act

80

30

60
20
40

10
20

0
May 1

0
Jun. 1

Jul. 1

Aug. 1

May

June

July

August

Notes: Panel (a) shows online search interest in the U.S. for each of the three pieces of legislation considered
during “Crypto Week”. The peak search interest over the period is indexed to 100, and all other values represent
search interest relative to that peak; for instance, a value of 50 means that the term is half as popular as the peak
value. Panel (b) shows the number of earnings and conference calls by financial firms that mention a given piece of
legislation. Specifically, we identify instances in which the phrase “GENIUS Act” or “CLARITY Act” occur. The
Anti-CBDC Surveillance State Act is omitted from Panel (b) since it does not appear in any calls. Source: Google
Trends, LSEG.

i

B

Payment firm groups

We define payment firms as those in GICS code 40201060, which includes “providers of transaction &
payment processing services and related payment services, including digital/mobile payment processors,
payment service providers & gateways, and digital wallet providers.” We also classify American Express
as a payment firm, rather than a bank (as it appears in GICS), since it operates one of the largest card
networks globally. Table B.1 shows summary statistics on payment firms and their sub-groups.
Table B.1: Descriptive statistics on payment firms
GP
p(25)

p(50)

p(75)

GX

GN

GE

p(50)

p(50)

p(50)

Size:
Market capitalization ($ million)
Revenue ($ million, quarterly)
Total assets ($ million)
Total liabilities ($ million)
Employees (#)

430 2,649 20,068 2,268 22,026 9,094
76
412
1,104
336
1,550 1,035
382 2,316 14,674 4,575 6,555 6,402
152
949 13,695 3,750 5,462 5,217
1,019 2,800 11,372 2,603 15,686 9,306

Profitability:
Net income ($ million, quarterly)
Return on assets
Return on common equity

-0.37
0.33
-4.64

14.71 122.10
2.65
9.10
14.39 32.39

15.24
5.21
25

97.6
5.71
22.94

86.3
6.83
27.78

Valuation:
Price/earnings ratio

14.58

26.93

9.95

25.77

33.1

65.75

Notes: This table shows balance sheet and income data for incumbent payment firms, as defined in Section 3.2.
Values are based on the most recent observation prior to the House of Representatives vote on July 17, 2025. The
first three columns show the 25th, 50th, and 75th percentiles of each variable for payment firms broadly. The
following three columns show the 50th percentile of each variable for cross-border, network, and crypto-engaged
firms, respectively.

Since no further sub-classification of payment firms exists in GICS, we manually identify the functions that each firm performs in the payments value chain (e.g., operating a bank correspondence network,
providing backend processing services) and classify the firms ourselves. Specifically, for each payment
firm and each core function in the payments value chain, we used a search-enabled LLM to identify
whether the firm performed that specific function, and to provide supporting reasoning and sources. Before reviewing the AI outputs, we also manually examined firms’ regulatory filings and classified them
ourselves. Whenever our classification differed from the AI’s, we performed additional review to reconii

cile the discrepancy. The results are shown in Table B.2.
Table B.2: Payment firms and their functions

Affirm Holdings Inc
American Express Inc
Block Inc
Cantaloupe Inc
Cass Information Systems Inc
Change Financial Ltd
Chime Financial Inc
Corpay Inc
Euronet Worldwide Inc
FIS Inc
Flywire Corp
Global Payments Inc
International Money Express Inc
Jack Henry & Associates Inc
Marqeta Inc
Mastercard Inc
NCR Atleos Corp
OLB Group Inc/The
POSaBIT Systems Corp
PayPal Holdings Inc
Paymentus Holdings Inc
Payoneer Global Inc
Paysign Inc
Priority Technology Holdings Inc
Remitly Global Inc
Repay Holdings Corp
Ryvyl Inc
Sezzle Inc
Shift4 Payments Inc
Toast Inc
Usio Inc
Visa Inc
WEX Inc
Western Union Co/The
XBP Global Holdings Inc

Closed-loop
operator
0
1
1
0
1
0
0
1
1
1
0
1
0
0
0
1
1
0
0
1
1
1
0
0
0
0
1
0
1
0
1
0
1
1
0

Open-loop
operator
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
1
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0

Open-loop
participant
1
1
1
0
1
1
1
1
1
1
0
0
1
1
1
0
0
0
0
1
0
1
0
1
1
0
1
1
1
0
1
0
1
1
0

Processor
0
0
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
0
1
1
1
1
0
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

Inter-party
services
1
1
1
0
0
1
0
1
0
1
1
1
0
0
1
1
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
1
1
1
1
1
0
0
0

Intra-party
services
0
1
1
0
1
0
0
1
1
1
0
0
0
1
1
1
1
0
1
1
0
1
1
1
0
0
1
0
0
1
1
1
0
0
1

Remote
gateway
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
1
0
1
0
1
0
1
0
1
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
1
0
0
0

Physical
POS
0
0
1
1
0
1
0
0
1
0
0
1
1
1
0
1
0
1
1
1
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
1
1
0
0
0
1
0

Crossborder
0
1
1
0
1
0
0
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
0
0
0
1
0
1
0
0
1
0
0
0
1
0
0
1
1
1
1

Notes: This table classifies payment firms according to the functions they provide. Closed-loop and open-loop operators manage private and open payment networks, respectively. Open-loop participants offer payment products
that operate on existing open networks. Processors provide back-end payment services such as credential verification, authorization, and network communication. Inter-party services deliver payment-related services beyond the
direct transfer of value between firms or individuals, while intra-party services provide services internal to a single
firm or individual. Gateways supply front-end interfaces that enable digital payments, and physical POS providers
manufacture or operate physical payment terminals. Cross-border firms coordinate payment correspondence and
settlement across two or more national jurisdictions.

We then repeat the process to identify the primary function—the one that drives the business model
and/or underpins the revenue—among the functions that each firm performs. Lastly, we classify each
firm into one of three categories based on these primary functions: cross-border payments specialists, domestic networks (including bank and consumer networks), and other firms (which are mostly processors
or other service providers). Table B.3 shows the resulting classification.
iii

Table B.3: Firms classified by primary business function

Payment Networks (G N )
Bank networks:
American Express Inc
FIS Inc
Jack Henry & Associates Inc
Mastercard Inc
Visa

Cross-Border Payments (G X )
International Money Express Inc
Payoneer Global Inc
Remitly Global Inc
Western Union Co/The

Consumer networks:
Block Inc
Cantaloupe Inc
Euronet Worldwide Inc
NCR Atleos Corp
OLB Group Inc/The
PayPal Holdings Inc
POSaBIT Systems Corp
Toast Inc

Other (Processing & Services)
Affirm Holdings Inc
Cass Information Systems Inc
Change Financial Ltd
Chime Financial Inc
Corpay Inc
Flywire Corp
Global Payments Inc
Marqeta Inc
Paymentus Holdings Inc
Paysign Inc
Priority Technology Holdings Inc
Repay Holdings Corp
Ryvyl Inc
Sezzle Inc
Shift4 Payments Inc
Usio Inc
WEX Inc
XBP Global Holdings Inc

Notes: This table shows payment firms classified by primary business function. Firms in the “Payment Networks”
category are classified as being in G N . Firms in the cross-border payments category are classified as being in group
G X . Firms in the “Other” category offer services such as payment processing, authentication, or card issuance.
These firms do not primarily run their own networks, but instead add value to payment ecosystems run by other
entities.

The cross-border payments specialists in Table B.3 constitute firms whose primary business function
is in column (ix) of Table B.2, and we label them G X . Specifically, these are firms whose primary business is transferring funds from an end party in one country to an end party in a second country. Typically,
they accept funds on the sending side via cash, card, or bank transfer. They then net and settle crossborder obligations through their own accounts and intermediaries such as correspondent banks, local
clearing banks, and licensed payout partners (e.g., money-transfer agents), handling currency conversion
when required. Funds are disbursed locally via bank deposit, wallet credit, or cash pickup, with revenue
coming mainly from explicit fees and foreign exchange spreads.
Network providers (including bank and consumer networks) in Table B.3 are firms whose primary
business function is in columns (i), (ii), (vii), or (viii) of Table B.2, and we label them G N . These
firms have a primary business function that involves operating some form of network, such as a card

iv

network or an ATM network. The form of network effect from which these firms benefit varies. On one
hand, peer-to-peer products (such as PayPal’s Venmo and Block’s Cash App) benefit from direct network
effects, in which the value of the service to a given user grows simply with the addition of more users
of the same type. On the other hand, card networks (e.g., Visa) and point-of-sale networks (e.g., Block)
benefit primarily from indirect network effects. Here, the value of the service to one type of user (e.g.,
a customer) grows with the number of users of another type (e.g., merchants) that also participate in the
service, and vice versa—such that more users of the first type attract more users of the second type, who
in turn attract more users of the first type.
Finally, following the same procedure as for Table B.2, we separately identify firms that had engaged
with crypto assets prior to the decisive House vote on S.1582 (our set G E ). We include a firm in this set
if by the day of the vote it had either (i) issued a crypto asset or (ii) offered services utilizing an existing
crypto asset. Table B.4 lists the firms engaging with crypto assets prior to the passage of the GENIUS
Act and summarizes the form of engagement.

C

Robustness

In this appendix, we show that our results are robust to a wide range of specifications. We also present
placebo tests confirming that our results are specific to legislative windows containing stablecoin news
shocks.
Alternative control groups. A potential concern is that the control group—non-payments financial
sector firms—might also be affected by the GENIUS Act, confounding our estimates. Figure C.1a shows
that our results are robust to alternative control groups. First, we exclude banks from our baseline control
group. Second, we compare payment firms instead to all firms in the S&P 500 except those in the financial sector. In both cases, the coefficients remain very similar to those from our baseline specification,
suggesting that any such effects of the GENIUS Act on the baseline control group are not substantial.
Additional controls. Another possible concern is that our results are driven by differences in other
characteristics of the firms in the “treatment” and “control” groups, such as size or profitability, rather
than by the payment firm versus non-payment firm distinction. To account for such possibilities, we
supplement our baseline specification by allowing for differential trends by firm-level characteristics.

v

Table B.4: Firms engaged with crypto assets prior to the House passage of S.1582 on July 17, 2025

Firm
Block Inc
Cantaloupe Inc
Fidelity National Information

Jack Henry & Associates Inc

Marqeta Inc
Mastercard Inc
NCR Atleos Corp
PayPal Holdings Inc
Ryvyl Inc
Shift4 Payments Inc
Visa Inc

Examples of crypto-related activities
Block offered Bitcoin via Cashapp among
other crypto-related services.
Cantaloupe Inc allowed cryptocurrency
acceptance at POS terminals.
Fidelity partnered with Circle to offer stablecoin money movement for financial institutions.
Jack Henry & Associates partnered with
NYDIG to offer bitcoin services to financial institutions.
Marqeta offered crypto card issuing.
Mastercard offered numerous crypto solutions to financial institutions.
NCR acquired LibertyX to add bitcoin
services at ATMs.
PayPal offered a USD denominated stablecoin, PYUSD.
Ryvyl offered crypto treasury solutions
for corporations.
Shift4 offered crypto payment processing.
Visa piloted stablecoin settlement services.

Source
Block.xyz
Payments Dive
FISGlobal.com

JackHenry.com

Marqeta.com
Mastercard.com
NCRAtleos.com
Paypal.com
Ryvyl.com
Shift4.com
Visa.com

Notes: This table shows payment firms that had engaged with crypto assets prior to 17 July 2025, along with
examples of their crypto-related activities. These firms form our sub-group G E .

We estimate:
ln(Pi,t ) = αi + αt +

∗ +20
tX

γτ 1{t=τ } × 1{i∈G P }



τ =t∗ −20
τ ̸=t∗ −1

+

∗ +20
tX


α′τ 1{t=τ } × Xi + ϵi,t

(C.1)

τ =t∗ −20
τ ̸=t∗ −1

where Xi is a vector of ex-ante firm characteristics—specifically, market capitalization, revenue, net
income, and return on assets. Intuitively, this specification controls for the possibility of differential
trends across firms based on size or profitability.
vi

Figure C.1b plots the estimated γτ coefficients from equation (C.1). Results remain very similar to
those estimated using our baseline specification, providing reassurance that our results do indeed reflect
a response of payment firms specifically, rather than reflecting other differences between the treatment
and control firms.
Alternative event window widths. To check the sensitivity of our results to the definition of our event
window, we repeat our baseline specification for window widths ranging from 4 to 48 trading hours.
Estimates from longer windows can shed additional light on the persistence of the effect, but are also
more likely to be contaminated by other shocks.
Table C.1 shows that our baseline results are qualitatively and quantitatively similar with window
widths between 4 and 24 trading hours. Even with a 48 trading-hour window, our market capitalizationweighted estimate is significantly negative at the 10% level, implying that the market capitalizationweighted returns of payment firms were persistently lower for more than three trading days after the
event.
The size of the probability update differs across these window widths, so we can also use this exercise to examine the sensitivity of the scaling procedure described in Section 5. Scaling each window’s
estimate by the corresponding probability update yields implied overall impacts of roughly $220–470
billion, shown in the “implied estimate” row of Table C.1 and summarized in Figure 3.
Other legislative events. To confirm that our results are not specific to the House vote on S.1582, we
also use a broader set of legislative events related to the passage of the bill. We examine all successful
roll-call floor votes (formal votes in which all House or Senate members’ votes are recorded) on the main
text of the bill. Table C.2 lists these events. We identify all periods within a ten-hour window w around
each vote, stacking them to create a new estimation sample. We convert all periods to event time and run
the following specification at the 30-minute level:
ln(Pi,t̃,w ) = αi,w + αt̃,w +

10
X


γτ 1{t̃=τ } × 1{i∈G P } + ϵi,t̃,w

(C.2)

τ =−10
τ ̸=−1

where event time t̃ ∈ {−10, . . . , 10} denotes time relative to the vote in each window, γτ represents
the differential return of payment stocks at event time τ , and αi,w and αt̃,w represent firm by window
and event time by window fixed effects respectively. Intuitively, we create a panel that aligns five event
windows and run our baseline specification across all events. We cluster standard errors at the firm times
window (i, w) level.
vii

Results based on specification (C.2) are shown in Figure C.1c and labeled as “Equal scaling”. The
differential response of payment stocks is similar to our baseline estimate. This mitigates the concern
that simultaneous, confounding shocks drive our baseline results, since it is highly unlikely that such
shocks materialized simultaneously with all the other legislative events that we consider.
Specification (C.2) treats each event in the broader set equally when estimating the differential response of payment firms. Our prediction market data, however, suggest that different events had different
impacts on the probability that investors assigned to U.S. stablecoin legislation occurring. We therefore
run a second version of the pooled specification in which we scale the impact in each window w to have
a magnitude comparable to our baseline specification:
ln(Pi,t̃,w ) = αi,w + αt̃,w +

10
X
τ =−10
τ ̸=−1


γτ

∆pw
1{t̃=τ } × 1{i∈G P } ×
0.07


+ ϵi,t̃,w

(C.3)

where ∆pw is the size of the probability update that occurs between the first and second half of window
w, and 0.07 is the size of this update for our baseline window (the decisive vote in the House of Represenw
adjusts across windows to ensure that all windows are estimated
tatives). Intuitively, the scale factor ∆p
0.07
using a shock equivalent to a seven percentage point increase in the prediction market-implied probability of U.S. stablecoin legislation passing in 2025. Results based on specification (C.3) are shown in
Figure C.1c and labeled as “Scaling by probability update”. Once again, the estimated effect is of similar
magnitude.
We can also run a difference-in-differences version of specification (C.3) (analogous to specification
(2) in our baseline methodology) and weight by market capitalization:


∆pw
+ ϵi,t̃,w .
(C.4)
ln(Pi,t̃,w ) = αi,w + αt̃,w + γ 1{t̃≥0} × 1{i∈G P } ×
0.07
This produces an estimate of negative 1.6 percent—slightly larger in magnitude than our baseline estimate of negative 1.3 percent in Table 1. Applying the scaling procedure from Section 5, this implies an
overall impact of approximately 22.6% or $340 billion, close to the baseline estimate of $300 billion, as
shown in Figure 3.13
Other crypto-related legislation. Another possible concern with our baseline specification is that
another crypto-related bill, H.R.3633 (the Digital Asset Market Clarity Act), also passed the House
earlier on the same day, as part of the broader “Crypto Week” legislative push. There are several factors
13

We also find similar results when repeating our baseline specification (2) using Senate passage alone, rather than the full
set of roll-call floor votes.

viii

suggesting that this second vote is unlikely to drive our results. First, this bill had not previously passed
the Senate, unlike S.1582, reducing the immediate implications of the second vote for markets.14 Second,
H.R.3633 focuses on regulating the offer and sale of digital commodities such as bitcoin by the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, rather than on the use of
stablecoins in payments. As such, there is no direct reason for it to have a differential impact on payment
firms relative to the rest of the financial sector. Third, the other events in our pooled specification above
did not align with similar votes on H.R.3633, so this second bill could not explain those results.
Nonetheless, in Figure C.1d we use one-minute-level data to examine the precise timing of the differential returns of payment firms that we estimate. We find that voting on H.R.3633 actually coincided
with a small (but not statistically significant) rise in the relative returns of payment firms. Only after
the voting on S.1582 did the significant negative differential returns of payment firms emerge. Indeed,
when comparing the 20-minute intervals immediately following the decisive vote on each bill, we see no
statistically significant effects for H.R.3633, but statistically significant negative effects for S.1582.
Directly regressing prices on probabilities. An alternative approach regresses stock prices directly on
prediction-market implied probabilities, over the entire month in which S.1582 was under consideration
by the House of Representatives:


ln(Pi,t ) = αi + αt + γp 1{i∈G P } × pt + γt 1{i∈G P } × t + ϵi,t

(C.5)

where the fourth term on the right-hand side controls for a differential linear trend between payment
firms and other firms. The coefficient γp reflects the differential response of payment firm stocks to a
change in the probability pt from zero to one—i.e., the full effect of the policy.
By using a wider window, this approach exploits more variation in pt , at the cost of being more
exposed to confounding shocks that simultaneously affect both Pi,t and pt .15 Table C.3 shows the results.
We find that a 100 percentage-point rise in the market-implied probability of stablecoin legislation being
enacted corresponds to a 16 percent differential return for payment firm stocks relative to those of other
financial firms. This is similar to the elasticity implied by our baseline regressions—for instance, a
0.75 percent differential return in Table 1 Column 1 in response to a 6.3 percentage point change in the
market-implied probability around the House vote.
14

Indeed, at the time of writing, this bill still has yet to pass the Senate and its future is uncertain.
As a result, we consider only the equally weighted version of the regression: the market-capitalization-weighted version
is very sensitive to idiosyncratic shocks to the largest payment firms (Visa and Mastercard) during the rest of the window (i.e.,
outside the ten trading hours that we study in our baseline specification) because those two firms account for most of the total
market value of all payment firms.
15

ix

Excluding cross-border firms. Since cross-border payment firms see the largest declines (Section 4),
one might worry that they drive our baseline result for payment firms. Figure C.1e re-estimates our
baseline specification after dropping the cross-border firms from the sample. The differential decline
among the remaining payment firms remains similar to that in the baseline specification.
Placebo windows. We conduct placebo tests to confirm that our results are specific to legislative windows that contain stablecoin news shocks. We randomly select 1000 ten-hour windows (with replacement) from the set of all possible windows between 1 May 2025 (when S.1582 was introduced into
Congress) and 18 July 2025 (when the bill was signed into law), excluding the windows that we use
in our baseline and robustness regressions. For each of these 1000 windows, we then repeat our baseline specification and record the resulting coefficients γτ . Figure C.1f plots the results, which show that
the average differential return of payment firms is centered on zero in these placebo windows. In other
words, the returns of our treatment and control groups followed a similar path on average throughout the
period that S.1582 was in Congress, when excluding the specific windows that we study. This supports
our use of the control group as a counterfactual for the treatment group during our treatment windows,
in line with a causal interpretation of our baseline results.

x

Figure C.1: Robustness of the baseline differential return (percentage points)
(a) Alternative control groups

(b) Controlling for ex-ante characteristics

0.5

0.5

0

0

-0.5
-0.5
-1
-1
-1.5

Baseline excluding banks
S&P 500 excluding financials

-2
-5

-4

-3

-2

-1.5
-1
0
1
Trading hours since event

2

3

4

5

-5

(c) Pooling all legislative events

-4

-3

-2

-1
0
1
Trading hours since event

2

3

4

5

(d) Comparing the votes on H.R.3633 and S.1582

1

0.5

0.5
0

0
-0.5

-1

-2

No scaling
Scaling by probability update

-2.5
-5

-4

-3

-2

GENIUS

CLARITY

-0.5

-1
-1.5

-1.5
-1
0
1
Trading hours since event

2

3

4

5

-120

-90

-60

(e) Excluding cross-border firms

-30
0
30
Trading minutes since event

60

90

120

(f) Placebo windows

0.5

1.5
1

0

0.5
-0.5

0
-0.5

-1

-1

Mean
Median

-1.5
-1.5
-5

-4

-3

-2

-1
0
1
Trading hours since event

2

3

4

5

-5

-4

-3

-2

-1
0
1
Trading hours since event

2

3

4

5

Notes: Each panel re-estimates our baseline event-study specification (1) under an alternative choice; the baseline
coefficients are in Figure 1c. Panel (a) compares payment firms to alternative control groups: (i) non-payment
financial firms excluding banks and (ii) S&P 500 firms excluding financials. Panel (b) adds controls for differential
trends by ex-ante firm characteristics, as in equation (C.1). Panel (c) averages the differential response across legislative events using specifications (C.2) and (C.3). Panel (d) shows the differential return at one-minute frequency
for a four-hour window surrounding the decisive vote; the first shaded region indicates the interval between the
first and decisive votes on H.R.3633 (the CLARITY Act) and the second that between the first and decisive votes
on S.1582 (the GENIUS Act). Panel (e) excludes specialized cross-border payment firms from the sample. Shaded
regions around the estimated coefficients in panels (a)–(e) indicate 95% confidence intervals. Panel (f) plots the
distribution of the differential returns across 1000 randomly selected windows between 1 May and 18 July 2025,
excluding the windows containing the legislative events that we study; the solid (dashed) red lines plot the mean
(median) coefficient and the light (dark) shaded regions indicate the 5th–95th (25th–75th) percentiles.

xi

Table C.1: Average differential return of payment firms after the House passage of S.1582 (percentage
points), using alternative event windows

1{t≥t∗ } × 1{i∈G P } (unweighted)
1{t≥t∗ } × 1{i∈G P } (weighted)
Firm FEs
Period FEs
Window width (hours)
Implied estimate ($ billion)
N (unweighted)
N (weighted)

(1)
-0.666∗∗∗
(-3.07)
-1.083∗∗
(-2.64)
✓
✓
4
-220
11,492
11,543

(2)
-0.727∗∗∗
(-3.14)
-1.268∗∗∗
(-3.56)
✓
✓
8
-292
22,308
22,407

(3)
-0.744∗∗∗
(-3.15)
-1.253∗∗∗
(-3.77)
✓
✓
12
-331
33,124
33,271

(4)
-0.707∗
(-1.67)
-1.278∗∗∗
(-3.08)
✓
✓
24
-470
65,572
65,863

(5)
-1.435
(-1.27)
-1.024∗
(-1.73)
✓
✓
48
-389
130,468
131,047

Notes: t-statistics in parentheses. * p <0.10, ** p <0.05, *** p <0.01. Standard errors clustered by firm
and by period. This table repeats our baseline specification using event windows of different widths.
G P represents the set of all U.S.-listed payment firms. Coefficients in the first row reflect the average
differential return of payments firms relative to other non-payments financial firms, in percentage points.
Coefficients in the second row reflect the average differential return of payment firms relative to other
non-payments financial firms, in percentage points, when observations are weighted by each firm’s preevent market capitalization. Our baseline specification uses a 10-hour window. Columns (1) through (5)
report results using windows with widths from 4 hours to 48 hours. The “Implied estimate ($ billion)”
row re-computes, for each window width, our estimate of the full impact on the aggregate payment
sector market capitalization of the probability of U.S. stablecoin legislation in 2025 going from 0% to
100%, using the relevant weighted estimate and the corresponding change in prediction market-implied
probabilities.

xii

Table C.2: Successful roll-call floor votes on the main text of S.1582
Time of decisive vote
May 19, 2025: 9:28pm

Chamber
Senate

May 21, 2025: 12:03pm

Senate

June 12, 2025: 2:12pm

Senate

June 17, 2025: 5:25pm

Senate

July 17, 2025: 3:32pm

House

Vote type
Cloture

Description
The bill was introduced into the Senate on May 1, 2025. For debate to begin on a bill, a motion to proceed—a procedural vote
to place the bill on the Senate’s agenda for consideration—must
pass. The motion is typically brought by the majority leader. Before it can be voted on, there is often debate regarding whether
and when to introduce the bill. This period of debate has no set
duration as the Senate has no maximum duration for speeches or
discussion. An action known as a cloture—a vote of three fifths of
the chamber—can end the debate period, sending the action to a
vote. On May 6, a motion to proceed on S.1582 was proposed by
the majority leader. After a period of debate and agenda setting, a
cloture vote passed on May 19. This ended debate on the motion,
sending the motion to a formal vote.
Motion to Proceed The motion to proceed, as proposed on May 6, successfully
passed in the Senate. This brought S.1582 onto the Senate floor,
allowing members to begin formal debate and consideration of the
bill.
Cloture
A cloture motion can also be used to end the main period of debate in the Senate. If successful, it forces the Senate to vote on
a bill’s passage directly. After nearly a month of debate, amendments, and alterations, a cloture vote passed regarding S.1582.
This ended all debate and alterations, sending the bill to a vote.
The vote was scheduled for five days later, June 17.
Passage
The bill passed the Senate. Upon successful passage, the bill was
then sent to the House of Representatives for consideration, which
could then send the bill to committee for review or vote directly
on the bill without further changes.
Passage
When S.1582 entered the House of Representatives, the bill was
held at desk—a procedure in which the bill is not referred to committee and instead sent directly to a debate and vote without any
opportunity for alteration. This meant that, unlike the Senate proceedings, no procedural votes were necessary to begin debate or
schedule votes. The bill was discussed and a vote scheduled for
July 17. On July 17, there were multiple hours of contentious
debate before the bill went to a formal vote. Ultimately, S.1582
passed the House of Representatives. After the vote, the bill was
sent to the President’s desk and signed.

Notes: This table details all successful roll-call floor votes on the main text of the legislation throughout the passage
of the GENIUS Act, including the time that the decisive vote occurred. The decisive vote is defined as the vote
that put the total count over the required threshold necessary for passage. Source: Congress.gov, with timestamps
gathered manually from C-SPAN video recordings.

xiii

Table C.3: Log of stock price regressed on probability over time

1{i∈G P } × pt
Firm FEs
Period FEs
Control: 1{G P } × t
Frequency
N

(1)
-0.160∗∗
(-2.12)
✓
✓
✓
30min
195,824

(2)
-0.166∗∗
(-2.05)
✓
✓
✓
1hr
97,911

(3)
-0.157∗
(-1.92)
✓
✓
✓
2hr
48,614

(4)
-0.143∗
(-1.79)
✓
✓
✓
4hr
23,965

(5)
-0.206∗∗∗
(-3.11)
✓
✓
✓
1d
15,064

Notes: t-statistics in parentheses. * p <0.10, ** p <0.05, *** p <0.01. Standard errors clustered by
firm and by period. Coefficients reflect the average differential return of payments firms in percentage
terms relative to other non-payments financial firms in response to a one percentage point change in
the market-implied probability of legislation passing. Columns (1)–(5) represent varying frequencies of
data, ranging from 30 minutes to 24 hours.

D

Mechanisms and heterogeneity

Option-implied volatility. As discussed in Section 4, we investigate whether the stock-price response
reflects a change in the uncertainty surrounding future cash flows—rather than a change in their expected level—by examining option-implied volatility. We repeat our baseline difference-in-differences
specification at a daily frequency with put-implied volatility as the outcome variable:
OIVi,t = αi + αt +

5
X


γτ 1{t=τ } × 1{i∈G P } + ϵi,t

(D.1)

τ =−5
τ ̸=−1

where OIVi,t is firm i’s 30-day or 24-month forward-looking put-implied volatility. Standard errors are
clustered by firm. Figure D.1a plots the estimated coefficients. We see no significant differential change,
consistent with our baseline results reflecting news about the expected level of future cash flows.
Distinguishing the network and crypto-engagement channels. The network operator and cryptoengaged subgroups of payment firms are not mutually exclusive. For instance, Visa Inc and Mastercard
Inc are in both groups (see Tables B.3 and B.4). This raises the question of whether the network- and
crypto engagement-related heterogeneity results are independent, or whether one mechanism drives both.
In Figure D.1c, we therefore repeat our network specification when excluding crypto-engaged firms, and

xiv

in Figure D.1d we repeat our crypto-engagement specification when excluding network operators. Both
results are robust: network operators and crypto-engaged firms each remain insulated from the shock
even after removing the overlapping firms.
Figure D.1: Mechanisms and heterogeneity robustness
(a) Option-implied volatility

(b) Individual cross-border firms
1

10

24-month put-implied volatility
30-day put-implied volatility

5

0

0

-1

-5

-2

-10

-3

-5

-4

-3

-2

-1
0
1
Trading days since event

2

3

4

Individual cross-border firms
Payments excl. cross-border
-5

5

-4

(c) Networks, excl. crypto-engaged

-3

-2

-1
0
1
Trading hours since event

2

3

4

5

4

5

(d) Crypto-engaged, excl. networks

2

2

0
0
-2

-4

-2
-5

-4

-3

-2

-1
0
1
Trading hours since event

2

3

4

5

-5

-4

-3

-2

-1
0
1
Trading hours since event

2

3

Notes: Panel (a) repeats the baseline specification at daily frequency with 30-day and 24-month put-implied volatility as the outcome variable. Panel (b) plots the percentage change in the stock price of each specialized cross-border
payment firm relative to the period directly before S.1582 passed the House of Representatives; the dashed line
shows the change in the average stock price of all other payment firms. Panels (c) and (d) re-estimate the network
and crypto-engagement heterogeneity results after removing overlapping firms: panel (c) excludes crypto-engaged
firms, and panel (d) excludes network operators. Vertical bars in panel (a) and shaded regions in panels (c) and (d)
indicate 95% confidence intervals.

E

Benchmarks

This appendix explains the events and sources that we use to benchmark our findings on the impact of
stablecoins on payment firms.
Durbin Amendment. This amendment was attached to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and capped debit card interchange fees for large banks.16 This limited
the potential for cross-subsidization from merchant fees to cardholder incentives, raising concerns that
16

For further details, see Kay et al. (2018), Wang (2025) and Mukharlyamov and Sarin (2025).

xv

transaction volumes would fall. We use the estimate from Berg et al. (2024) that the Durbin Amendment
reduced the returns of U.S. payment firms by 5.3% in the week that the regulation was announced and
finalized.
Digital euro. Berg et al. (2024) argue that the introduction of a digital euro could have opposing effects
on U.S. and European payment firms through a “strategic autonomy channel”. They present evidence
that European regulators aim to use the introduction of a central bank digital currency to reduce European
dependence on U.S. payments providers and, conversely, expand the role of European payment firms.
We use their estimate that the shift from a 0% to a 100% probability of a digital euro being created
reduced the weighted average returns of U.S. payment firm stocks by 11.6% and increased the weighted
average returns of European payment firm stocks by 30.5%.
Credit Card Competition Act. The 2023 Senate bill S.1838 (the Credit Card Competition Act) aimed
to increase competition among credit card issuers by prohibiting large credit card issuers from restricting
the number of networks on which credit card transactions can be processed. It failed to progress past
the Senate Banking Committee, but was reintroduced into Congress (House bill H.R.7035 and Senate
bill S.3623) on January 13, 2026, shortly after President Trump posted his support for the Act. This
prompted a decline in the stock prices of the largest credit card networks. To estimate the causal impact
of this endorsement and the corresponding reintroduction of the bills, we follow a process analogous to
our baseline methodology. Specifically, we estimate the following specification

ln(Pi,t ) = αi + αt + γ 1{t≥t∗ } × 1{i∈G N } + ϵi,t

(E.1)

for the ten trading hours surrounding the endorsement, for a sample containing (i) all incumbent payment
networks G N and (ii) our baseline control group (i.e., all non-payments financial sector firms). Weighting
payment networks by ex-ante market capitalization, we find that their returns fell by 3.4% more than
those of the control group.
RBI prohibition on new deposits into Paytm Payments Bank. One97 Communications Limited
(hereafter, OCL) is a listed Indian financial technology firm offering a suite of services to consumers
and merchants centered on its popular digital payments app, Paytm. Customer wallet balances are held
at its affiliate, Paytm Payments Bank. On January 31, 2024, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) ordered
Paytm Payments Bank to stop accepting fresh deposits, citing persistent non-compliance with banking
regulations and material supervisory concerns (Reserve Bank of India, 2024). Given the fierce compe-

xvi

tition between India’s digital payments platforms (for details, see Copestake et al., 2025a), this was a
serious threat to OCL’s business model and indeed led to a sharp increase in downloads of alternatives to
Paytm’s digital wallet.
We estimate the impact of this announcement on the stock returns of OCL using the following specification, analogous to our baseline methodology:

ln(Pi,t ) = αi + αt + γ 1{t≥t∗ } × 1{i=OCL} + ϵi,t

(E.2)

where 1{i=OCL} indicates OCL. Our control group is the set of all firms in the NIFTY Financial Services
Index, which (i) includes, for example, banks, asset managers, and insurers, analogous to the control
group in our baseline regressions, and (ii) does not include OCL itself.
We bound the size of the effect by considering two different symmetrical estimation windows. First,
we calculate the differential returns using the average stock price on the day before and on the day
after the announcement.17 Second, we use a wider window of 15 days either side of the announcement,
reflecting that OCL’s stock price continued to decline through February 15 (see Figure E.1), stabilizing
only on February 16 when OCL announced that it would substitute Paytm Payments Bank with a new
account at Axis Bank and that Paytm’s popular payments services (e.g., QR code-based payments and
POS terminals) would continue to function for merchants (One 97 Communications Limited, 2024). We
report estimates for both windows, reflecting the trade-off between excluding other shocks that could
have affected OCL (which supports the narrower window) and capturing the full impact of the RBI’s
announcement (which supports the wider window). Weighting observations by market capitalization, we
find differential returns of 11% using the narrower window and 48% using the wider window.
Suspension of major mobile payments platform IPO. One of the world’s largest fintech firms, with
more than one billion annual active users, planned an initial public offering (IPO) in 2020. The IPO
was suspended at short notice and the firm was ultimately subjected to tighter regulation, such as higher
capital requirements on its lending business. These developments led early investors (who had already
invested prior to the planned IPO) to mark down the value of their stakes in the firm. We use estimates
from Fidelity, which recorded a 51% reduction in the overall value of the firm after the IPO suspension.
This reduction also aligns closely with public estimates by several analysts immediately after the IPO
suspension.
17

We cannot examine intra-day changes since the RBI announcement does not contain an intra-day timestamp.

xvii

Figure E.1: Change in stock price of One97 Communications Ltd. and control group firms around RBI
announcement (percent)

0

OCL
Control group

-20

-40

-60
Jan. 31

Feb. 29

Mar. 31

Notes: This figure shows the change in the stock price of One97 Communications Ltd. after the RBI’s announcement on January 31, 2024. The figure also shows the corresponding change in the market capitalization-weighted
average price of firms in the NIFTY Financial Services Index. Vertical lines show the date of RBI’s initial announcement and OCL’s response, as described in the text. Both price series are reported as a percent change
relative to the period directly preceding the RBI’s initial announcement. Source: Bloomberg.

F

Additional descriptive evidence

This appendix presents descriptive evidence on actions taken by incumbent payment firms since the
passage of the GENIUS Act. We show that the proportion of payment firms offering crypto-related
products or services increased after the passage of the Act, as did the frequency with which stablecoins
are mentioned in earnings and conference calls.
Engagement with crypto assets. In Appendix B, we define G E as the set of payment firms that had
issued a crypto asset or offered services utilizing an existing crypto asset prior to the decisive House vote
on S.1582 on July 17, 2025. We now extend this measure to other points in time, adding three more
dates: the start of 2025, the day the bill entered the U.S. Senate (May 1), and the end of 2025. The red
line in Figure F.1 plots the share of payment firms that had engaged with crypto assets by each of these
dates. The share of crypto-engaged firms was flat in 2025 prior to the bill entering Congress, increased

xviii

slightly as the bill progressed, and increased more quickly throughout the remainder of the year after the
bill passed.
Earnings calls. We also examine how often public payment firms discuss stablecoins in their communications with investors. To do this, we gather more than 10,000 earnings and conference call transcripts,
covering 97% of the payment firms in our sample, and count the number of times that stablecoins are
mentioned in each document.18 The vertical bars in Figure F.1 show the average number of mentions per
document per month. We see that stablecoins were rarely mentioned prior to the introduction of S.1582,
then discussed more frequently while it was being debated in Congress. After the GENIUS Act became
law, mentions increased substantially, to a peak of nearly one mention per call in September 2025.
Table F.1 shows examples of the ways in which stablecoins were discussed by different types of firm.
The first two quotes, from a cross-border correspondent, illustrate how some firms’ expressed views on
the utility of stablecoins changed quickly after the passage of the GENIUS Act. Indeed, the prominent
cross-border payments firm Western Union announced in October 2025 that it would launch its own
stablecoin.
Figure F.1: Payment-firm engagement with crypto assets around passage of the GENIUS Act

Notes: This figure shows descriptive evidence on engagement with crypto assets by payment firms in our sample
surrounding the passage of the GENIUS Act. The red line plots the share of firms that had issued a crypto asset,
or offered services utilizing an existing crypto asset, prior to the specified date. The vertical bars show the average
number of mentions of stablecoins per document from a corpus of payment firms’ earnings and conference calls.
The shaded region indicates the months that S.1582 was under consideration in Congress, starting with its introduction into the Senate in May, through its passage in mid-July. Source: LSEG.
18

Specifically, we look for sentences containing the word “stablecoin” or the names of prominent stablecoins (e.g.,
“USDT”, “USDC”).

xix

Table F.1: Excerpts from payment firms’ earnings calls
Firm type

Quote

Cross-border correspondence

May 2025: “It’s not yet clear what the value proposition is because it’s complex and
expensive to take from fiat currency, move into a stablecoin, move the stablecoin
across geographies, translate the stablecoin back into local currency, the transaction
costs and the logistics of getting high-quality exchanges on both ends to do that,
enough volume to be able to do it in and out of the local currency is, again, operationally challenging and expensive.”
July 2025: “Stablecoin enabled solutions have the potential to reduce friction and
flow, enabling faster, more efficient movement of value between our global network
and local payout partners.” “... with the passage of the GENIUS Act, we are actively
revising our position with a clear regulatory framework and guaranteed redemption
value.”

Card network

July 2025: “Beyond capital markets use cases, we see product market fit for stablecoins in two important areas: one, in emerging markets where the local fiat currency is volatile and/or where consumers do not have easy or affordable access to
US dollars; and two, in cross-border money movement, both B2B payments and
consumer.” “We are supportive of the GENIUS Act and we believe that it marks a
key milestone on the path to regulatory clarity for stablecoins.”

Bank payment services

August 2025: “Last week, we announced we’re expanding ... capabilities to include
digital assets through our partnership with Circle Internet Group, enabling banks to
transact in USDC for both domestic and cross-border payments.”

Payments processing

September 2025: “And the clear value here is while real-time payments can allow you to move money instantaneously and super cost-effectively, which is a core
part of sort of the stablecoin value proposition or blockchain, what stablecoin or
blockchain does is sort of the always-on, 24/7 element.”
October 2025: “Certainly, there are use cases that I think stablecoins can help solve,
particularly around cross-border business-to-business payments, how settlements
and payouts are made to different customers.”

Notes: This table shows excerpts from payment firm earnings calls that mention stablecoins. Source: LSEG.

xx

Stablecoins and the Future of Payments
Working Paper No. WP/2026/052

